[Pages] Add Analytics Engine and Queue Producer binding (#7614)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/pages/platform/functions/bindings.md

6. Under **Dataset**, input your desired dataset. You must repeat steps 5 and 6 for both the **Production** and **Preview** environments.
7. Redeploy your project for the binding to take effect.

Below is an example of how to use Queue Producers in your Function. In this example, the binding is named `MY_QUEUE`:

{{<tabs labels="js | ts">}}
{{<tab label="js" default="true">}}
```js
export async function onRequest(context) {
  await env.MY_QUEUE.send({
    url: request.url,
    method: request.method,
    headers: Object.fromEntries(request.headers),
  });

  return new Response('Sent!');
}
```
{{</tab>}}
{{<tab label="ts">}}
```ts
interface Env {
  MY_QUEUE: Queue;
}

export const onRequest: PagesFunction<Env> = async (context) => {
  await env.MY_QUEUE.send({
    url: request.url,
    method: request.method,
    headers: Object.fromEntries(request.headers),
  });

  return new Response('Sent!');
}
```
{{</tab>}}
{{</tabs>}}

### Interact with your Queue Producer binding locally

At this time, Wrangler does not support interacting with Queue Producers during local development. We recommend testing on a preview branch instead.

## Analytics Engine

> [Analytics Engine](/analytics/analytics-engine/) enable you to write analytics within your Pages Function. To add a Analytics Engine binding to your Pages Function:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Analytics Engine](/analytics/analytics-engine/) enables you to write analytics within your Pages Function. To add a Analytics Engine binding to your Pages Function:
```
